Mr. Zhou
Where is Lou Ruan? Why did she go to work innocently today?
Did she go to the finance department to ask for information?
Why didn't she accept the unexpected visitor today?
Mr. Zhou, Sister Lou Ruan
She has more things on her hands
If you can't take care of it, do you mean you won't go?
After she comes back, let her go to my office.
Sister Lou Ruan, Mr. Zhou, I asked you to come back and visit her office.
I understand, Mr. Zhou, are you looking for me? Did you invite the patient to the hospital yesterday?
I'm going to find someone to try the normal flow of money. What's the disease?
Private room over there
What private room is there?
I need you not to answer the phone for a day